# Genetic Heritage related Problems: 

Genetic heritage:

- The length of the longest common subsequence for two strings. (Longest Common Subsequence Algorithm)
- The table of the lengths of the longest common subsequences for every pair of strings.
- The probabilities of mutation, insertions and deletions? (Edit distance algorithm)
- An algorithm in the general case which might be able to infer such a tree of relationships? (Tree construction)

Sample test case: 

The following 7 strings were generated by taking an existing string and with a small probability either inserting a new character, deleting an existing character, or changing to a new character randomly. This created two child strings, each of these strings with a single character changed from their parent. And from the two child strings, four grandchild strings were created, two from each child. The 4 grandchild strings also have a single character changed from their parents. As result, we got 7 strings but unfortunately the order of the strings has been lost.

(0, 'CAGCGGGTGCGTAATTTGGAGAAGTTATTCTGCAACGAAATCAATCCTGTTTCGTTAGCTTACGGACTACGACGAGAGGGTACTTCCCTGATATAGTCAC')

(1, 'CAAGTCGGGCGTATTGGAGAATATTTAAATCGGAAGATCATGTTACTATGCGTTAGCTCACGGACTGAAGAGGATTCTCTCTTAATGCAA')

(2, 'CATGGGTGCGTCGATTTTGGCAGTAAAGTGGAATCGTCAGATATCAATCCTGTTTCGTAGAAAGGAGCTACCTAGAGAGGATTACTCTCACATAGTA')

(3, 'CAAGTCCGCGATAAATTGGAATATTTGTCAATCGGAATAGTCAACTTAGCTGGCGTTAGCTTTACGACTGACAGAGAGAAACCTGTCCATCACACA')

(4, 'CAAGTCCGGCGTAATTGGAGAATATTTTGCAATCGGAAGATCAATCTTGTTAGCGTTAGCTTACGACTGACGAGAGGGATACTCTCTCTAATACAA')

(5, 'CACGGGCTCCGCAATTTTGGGTCAAGTTGCATATCAGTCATCGACAATCAAACACTGTTTTGCGGTAGATAAGATACGACTGAGAGAGGACGTTCGCTCGAATATAGTTAC')

(6, 'CACGGGTCCGTCAATTTTGGAGTAAGTTGATATCGTCACGAAATCAATCCTGTTTCGGTAGTATAGGACTACGACGAGAGAGGACGTTCCTCTGATATAGTTAC')


